As of right now, the only difference between
our Vanilla JavaScript app and our React application is,
up here we can toggle a todo,
but with React, we haven't added in that functionality yet.
So let's go ahead and do that now.
So inside of our todos component,
let's come in here and we want to add a new method.
We will call it toggleItem.
It's going to take in an id,
and then it's going to run this.props.store.dispatch,
and the action we want to dispatch is going to be
our toggleTodoAction will parse in the id.
And then now, what we can do is,
we can add that as a prop to list as well.
So we'll say toggle is going to be this.toggleItem.
And then now, inside of our list component,
what we want to do is let's add an onClick handler to our span element here.
And this is going to be really an optional parameter because we're only going to use
it inside of our todos component rather than our goals component.
So we'll say is,
if props.toggle is a thing,
then we want to go ahead and invoke it,
parsing in the id.
And what we also want to do is,
we want to update the style of this specific span element.
So what we'll say is textDecoration,
and this is very similar to what we did in our Vanilla JavaScript app.
We'll say, textDecoration it's going to be if item.complete is true,
then it will be line-through and if not,
then it will just be none.
So now, if we take a look at our application, we can say,
"Walk the dog", and then we should also be able to click on it in order to toggle it.
Now, the last thing I want to do is,
we aren't going to use our Vanilla JavaScript app anymore,
so we can actually delete all of the code associated with that.
So, that is all of this dump code right here as well as this store.subscribe.
So we can delete all of that,
and then at the top of our app here,
we can delete this UI code right here.
So, now what we have is just a single div
with an id of app that we're going to be mounting our React app to.